Problem:
========
The ciphertext below was encrypted using a substitution cipher.
Decrypt the ciphertext without knowledge of the key.
Original plaintext is in english:

	lrvmnir bpr sumvbwvr jx bpr lmiwv yjeryrkbi jx qmbm wi
bpr xjvni mkd ymibrut jx irhx wi bpr riirkvr jx
ymbinlmtmipw utn qmumbr dj w ipmhh but bj rhnvwdmbr bpr
yjeryrkbi jx bpr qmbm mvvjudwko bj yt wkbrusurbmbwjk
lmird jk xjubt trmui jx ibndt

	wb wi kjb mk rmit bmiq bj rashmwk rmvp yjeryrkb mkd wbi
iwokwxwvmkvr mkd ijyr ynib urymwk nkrashmwkrd bj ower m
vjyshrbr rashmkmbwjk jkr cjnhd pmer bj lr fnmhwxwrd mkd
wkiswurd bj invp mk rabrkb bpmb pr vjnhd urmvp bpr ibmbr
jx rkhwopbrkrd ywkd vmsmlhr jx urvjokwgwko ijnkdhrii
ijnkd mkd ipmsrhrii ipmsr w dj kjb drry ytirhx bpr xwkmh
mnbpjuwbt lnb yt rasruwrkvr cwbp qmbm pmi hrxb kj djnlb
bpmb bpr xjhhjcwko wi bpr sujsru msshwvmbwjk mkd
wkbrusurbmbwjk w jxxru yt bprjuwri wk bpr pjsr bpmb bpr
riirkvr jx jqwkmcmk qmumbr cwhh urymwk wkbmvb

Solution:
=========
because the practice of the basic movements of kata is
the focus and mastery of self is the essence of
matsubayashi ryu karate do i shall try to elucidate the
movements of the kata according to my interpretation
based on forty years of study

	it is not an easy task to explain each movement and its
significance and some must remain unexplained to give a
complete explanation one would have to be qualified and
inspired to such an extent that he could reach the state
of enlightened mind capable of recognizing soundless
sound and shapeless shape i do not deem myself the final
authority but my experience with kata has left no doubt
that the following is the proper application and
interpretation i offer my theories in the hope that the
essence of okinawan karate will remain intact

Substitution:
=============
a -> x
b -> t
c -> w
d -> d
e -> w
f -> q
g -> z
h -> l
i -> s
j -> o
k -> n
l -> b
m -> a
n -> u
o -> g
p -> h
q -> k
r -> e
s -> p
t -> y
u -> r
v -> c
w -> i
x -> f
y -> m
z -> j
